All right here comes the answer to challenge
6.
We know that on nav bar up here is where we need to change these links in order for it to work and take
us to the right routes.
Now the nav bar of course comes from our header file and that is what's being added at the top of our
home page.
So if we head over to our header.
ejs
this is the place where we need to change something in order for all our links to work.
And the something is of course these link elements.
So the first one should go to the root route in order to get to the home page.
The second one needs to be /about to get to the about route.
And the third one needs to be changed to contact.
So now once we hit refresh, our links in our nav bar now take us to the correct routes. And when we click on
contact us,
we're actually making a get requests to /contact which gets call in our server and we render
the About page.
So I hope that was an easy challenge and you managed to complete it and you're ready to go on to challenge
7.